Exolon (1987)(Hewson Consultants)(48K-128K)[h Nmi-Soft\x7f
There is a file included in your 2020 release called 'Thunderbirds - Level 1 (1985)(Firebird).tap', however this the game by Grandslam, and not the Firebird game.  There were two games with the same title.
Add games about Nixy by Bubblesoft.
Make a list of "copyrighted" games released after 2000 and add them to TOSEC
Resolve files with same MD5
death stalker - 3D space ninja is a compilation!
DONE Add TZX to TAP conversions with adding [m tzxtools] flag.

DONE Remove (), {}, [] from publishers and authors.
DONE Unknown/Gestao Comercial (1984)(Procompe)(pt).tzx
DONE Unknown/Gestao Comercial (1984)(Procompe)(pt).tap
DONE Unknown/Gestao de Stocks (1984)(Procompe)(pt).tzx
DONE Unknown/Gestao de Stocks (1984)(Procompe)(pt).tzx
DONE Games/Spectrum Micro Prolog T1.0 (1983)(Sinclair Research).tap - should be Applications

IF game language is (ru) - automatically remove [tr ru] flag. TO HELL WITH IT
[tr Ru] doesn't make sense at all. Should be lowercase.
DONE General: business should go to Applications, not Unknown category.
"Smirnov, Sergei Andreevich" -> "Smirnov, Sergei" TO HELL WITH IT
SHOW TO EINAR renamed Hungarian "Jatekgyaros" games.
DONE Neil Parsons: HARDCODE
DONE Jim Bagley: HARDCODE

Petris (1996)(PTsoft)(ES)(en)[И] - wrong "more data" flag.

panda  7:29 PM
@ladyeklipse your dats are all good but have a minor issue, the header/descriptor field should not contain the .dat extension but I just batch removed all that :slightly_smiling_face: Also and this doesn't matter much but my DTD structural validator complains about the order of the fields lol, date should be before author :slightly_smiling_face:

- Frank Bruno's Disk Box: Disk 2 of 4? (TO HELL WITH IT)
- Research why [re-release] tag disappears a lot (TO HELL WITH IT)
DONE - Why Silva Soft turns into Soft, Silva? - Is person, should be nickname! (report to Einar)
DONE - Why Nikitin, Paul turns into Paul Nikitin? - Is nickname! Should be person! (report to Einar)
DONE - Why Dinamic turned into Dinamic Software? There was a discussion about it to omit "Software" from publisher's name. (TO HELL WITH IT)
There must be an exception to rename Dinamic Software and Dinamic Multimedia to Dinamic, because it's the same company
DONE - Same for Hueber Software (TO HELL WITH IT)
- Why CyberPunks Unity (CPU) has brackets? (TO HELL WITH IT)
DONE - Alkatraz development cartridges lost their description. - A bug in content_desc_aliases.csv. Either use old version unaltered, or fix the bug.
DONE - Parsons, Neil -> Neil Parsons - Is nickname, should be person, report to Einar.
DONE - Ashler, Baron -> Baron Ashler - Is nickname, should be left as is.
DONE - Cause, Rebelstar Without a - Is person, should be nickname (report to Einar)
- ZxZvm games got weird names (fix via content_desc_aliasWes or TO HELL WITH IT)
DONE - Check ZX Tunes - are they (RU)(en)? - IT IS CORRECT
DONE - Remove "," from (Source Solutions,) - Fix regex, Inc. removed, but "," is left! (report to Einar)
- Why removed aka from Super Nudge 2000? - Should be [aka Hyper Nudge 2000], ZXDB has this name.
Only 1 file is affected and the game is called now Supernudge 2000.
The correct name was "Super Nudge 2000 (1989)(Mastertronic)[h San-San][aka Hyper Nudge 2000].tap"
It's a bug in ZXDB, this game is now listed as a mod. Maybe we just make an exception for this file.
- file_format table in ZXDB is obsolete, I should have used "extensions" table instead. BUT instead we can just rely on the list of supported extensions of Pokemaster. (TO HELL WITH IT)
DONE - Remove brackets from authors' names (TO HELL WITH IT)

DONE - Many files were not picked up by ZX Pokemaster because of deletion of file_format column.
DONE - Some games were replaced with newer versions. I can add older versions again from a specifically made folder, because people will complain.
I've written a script, which handles these 2 issues by restoring deleted files from previous version of Pokemaster.

DONE - Deploy Mac version;
DONE - Add InnoSetup installer;
DONE - Scrape new pokes;
- Ask Einar where did original_id field go, cannot run updateMods script for pokes.
- Ask Einar to add Idiom_id for Ad Lunam downloads, based on files
- Jim Bagley is a person, not nickname (report to Einar)
- Ask Einar to remove ._Egghead 4 (ULA snow fixed by Ast A. Moore).tap	from /zxdb/sinclair/entries/0015866/Egghead4-EggheadEntertains(BUGFIX).tap.zip
- Add language to legacy of the white crane: Hungarian and English
- add machine to Old Towers
- Add language attribute to Cousin Horace
- F. David Thorpe looks like an alternate name writing, not a nickname.
- Report to Einar: These are most likely games: 0031256, 0033360, 0033362, 0034702, 0034803, 0034806, 0034807, 0035214
- This is most likely a demo: 0034758
- Box Set compilations: 8030 is Application, 11472 is Educational, all other are games. Does ZXDB represent that?



Krystyna Gromann --> Gromann, Krystyna
Steve Baines --> Baines, Steve
Both in game.author column
Take care of Unknown TRDs.

Integrity check algorythm.
1. Write a universal reader for Z80, SNA and SZX based on Skoolkit's code.
2. Convert all TAP and TZX files to Z80.
3. Detect machine type from snapshot headers.
 - Test out converted TAP/TZX files if they contain correct machine type
 - If machine type is generally correct, import them into lookup table to use in TOSEC
4. Make a database of CRC hashes of uncompressed snapshots.
 - Calculate CRC for each 1024 bytes of each snapshot.
5. Using Levenstein algorythm, make a table of similar files.
 - At this stage, we need to make several different tables, using different number of similarity percentage, e. g. do we regard files as similar at 70% coincidence, or maybe 70%, or even lower it down to 60%? The table with the most consistent and reliable results wins.
 - Thus, we determine the best value of a constant - MIN_SIMILARITY. If an unknown file is very similar to an existing one, make it derive its name with [a] flag. If there are several of such files, use the one with the highest similarity value.
7. Make another similar table, with files of very high coincidense rates (presumably 90% and higher).
 - Files with major [a*] numbers will go into a separate set of dats - TOSEC-DUPES, which will or will not be included in TOSEC releases - as the team decides.
 8. Integrate all known loading screens from ZXDB in .SCR format into TOSEC.
 9. Extract loading screens from unknown TAP and TZX files.
  - If an extracted loading screen is in the database, rename the tap file accordingly.


not relevant - 24338 - has double space in publisher name
not relevant - North & South: always M3 as language.
done - Hanoi Torony: SHOULD NOT be capitalized
done - President +: The "+" symbol should not go away
done - Manually  add [aka] for main Dizzy titles
done - Ask in Slack about 4th disk of Enlight 2007: coinsides with ZX Chip Demos Collection 152 (19xx)(Newart)(RU)(en).scl
and contains just one single Demo.
done - Hardcode 4209 for "The Diamonds" of "Steve Brown" (and possibly Bill Gilbert) in lookup table.
done - Fix "The" in the game name
done - For multipublisher games - store BOTH/ALL publishers, possibly as an array, sort alphabetically upon adding to pokemaster.db
done - Store publishers and authors separately in pokemaster.db
done - Add {Author} tag in sorter
done - bug: 9332 Author should be Eldridge, Jon Paul - Oliver Twins, The
done - bug: 4559 Author should contain Orpheus + 3 other devs
not relevant - If team is affiliated with independent authors, teams should be shown first, e. g. Orpheus - Lewis, John - Martin, Ian - Redmond, Damon
done - Do not rename unknown files by default
done - Add bitcoin credentials in Pokemaster's UI
done - Rename unknown files with same names, giving them {FileName}_{N} pattern
done - Retain original folder structure for unknown files (optional)
 - bundle Pokemaster with common archivers, so it can unrar, un7z, untargz etc.
done - Option to loosen restriction of avoiding >700K archives
 - Add ZX80/ZX81 support to ZX Pokemaster
 - Start managing ZX81 section of TOSEC
 - deduplicate Z80 files
 http://www.worldofspectrum.org/faq/reference/z80format.htm
 - deduplicate sna files
 - deduplicate tap files
 - deduplicate tzx files
 - deduplicate scl files
 - deduplicate szx files

done 1. WoS scraper.
done 2. Dump WoS with game info, game files, game screenshots and splash screens.
done 3. Unzip all files into a separate folder (to retain original zip files as is).
3.1. Convert ALL tzx files to tap. If a tap file with same name exists, rename to ".tzx.tap".
Needed because tzx2tap does not always provide the same tap file as can be found on the game's page on WoS.
done 4. Calculate MD5 hashes for files.
done 5. Replicate POK file structure via classes.
done 6. Tipshop scraper.
done 7. Dump the-tipshop.co.uk by game_wos_id.
? 8. Write CLI tool to extract .POKs from database and place near every file in a given directory (recursively) OR in pokes folder.
done 9. Sort files by alphabetical letters.
done 10. Rename files in accordance to TOSEC.
? 11. Search for ZX Spectrum files in user-defined locations as well as Documents, Desktop and Downloads folders and MOVE them to collection folder.
? 12. Autodetect DivIDE/DivMMC-enabled flash card and fill it with files.
? 13. Use JustSCR to convert screenshots to .scr files (for future usage on DivIDE/DivMMC)

FILE ENTRY SEARCH ALGORYTHM:
1. Try to find by md5.
2. Try to create game name from filename:
 - remove extension;
 - CamelCase to spaces;
 - Open text in brackets:
	- If text is int and >=1980 and <= current year -> retrieve game year;
	- If text is 2-letter string -> retrieve game language;
	- if text is string -> retrieve game publisher;
	- If text is like "Part X" or "Side A", "Side B" -> retrieve game part.
3. Try to find by game name.
4. If no game name found, give up.
5. If more than 1 game found, try to use the longest game name.
6. If several titles with the same name AND game year retrieved, compare years.
7. If title and date is same AND game publisher retrieved, compare publishers.
Return game_wos_id.

FAR FUTURE:
Write a similar utility for other game systems of interest.
For other games systems I will write a tool named "Universal TOSEC Sorter", which will not have a thorough database, but will be able to sort files in a similar way.